Jan 11, 2016
Brainstomed ideas for the project:
Study partner app to find study partners
Note Sharing app for university students
Party Planning app like facebooks events section but with more functionality
iClicker app for schools
Election voting app for all elections (UMSU to Federal, etc)
Finance organizer app to keep track of spending habits
Chat app like slack
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 13, 2016
Discussed how to use the repos and forks
Trying to decide on project
Focused on the 3 favored ideas:
Note Sharing App
•	Why Not?
•	Hard to get buy-in
•	Not top priority
Party Planning
•	App to plan events
•	Like facebook events
•	Do more than the facebook 
•	Chat specific to the event
•	Facebook login
•	Doodle poll style set up
•	Seems like the best idea	
iClicker app/voting
•	Kind of separate
•	Voting = elections (u of m, civic, etc)
•	One user creates what you vote for
•	Other users are able to vote
•	iClicker has less security
Finance Organizer 
•	not easy to get info from Bank/Credit Card
•	Nope
Chat App
•	Talk with people on the same wifi network
•	Already libraries that do it

Focusing on iClicker and Party Planning:
Features:
Party/Event Planner:
- Suggest by location (open parties)
- FB login
- Chat
- Vendors (catering, event locations)
	- ads (rate them)
- User ratings (bars, event centers)
- doodle style poll
- who's bringing what?
- invites
Market is huge, uni students party, fixes other apps probs
iClicker:
- graphs for results
- history tracking
- live feedback
- questions on screen
- link to uni accounts
Directly applicable to current market
Improvement
CONS:
iClicker:
- Tiny Market
- harder to market
Party Planning:
- FB app ID
- competing with Facebook
- Scalability
- Too broad
- Login or not?
Technologies:
- PHP backend
- JavaScript frontend
- Laravel
- MySQL
- Maven? maybe just for java
- Composer
- Gulp
- Fitnesse (Acceptance testing) or codeception
- Do Mavn and Gulp scale?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 15, 2016
Reviewed and discussed vision statement suggestions.
Reviewed and discussed chosen technologies.
	- Discussed choice of Laravel and PHP
	- NGenX
Reviewed requirements for Iteration 0 
Discussed setup of chosen technologies in preparation for Iteration 1
Collaborated on finalizing the vision statement.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 18, 2016
Collaborated on big user stories.
Broke big user stories into detailed user stories for Iteration 1.
Collaborated on Technical decisions and came up with justifications for each.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 19, 2016
Discussed and came up with developer tasks for iteration 1 from detailed user stories.
Discussed database requirements and layout.
Briefly discussed UI requirements.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 22, 2016
Continued to attempt to get all team members up to speed on the installation of the project
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 25, 2016
Greg had questions about how we are supposed to be using Git. Jen volunteered to come up with a quick document outlining how to
Discussed front end design and how far we want to take the design at this iteration
Nick has volunteered to look into models in Laravel for the middle layer.
Database has been questioned
Front End: agreed on future plan
Database: everything needs to be changed because the one we currently have only runs on the virtual machine.
Nick to build the models as fast as possible
Max will start working on the email templates
Developer tasks will go up on trello, devs will assign themselves
1) Polling
	view
	functionality
	email
2) Event Creation
	Account Creation
3) Invite Functionality
	Templates(Email)
	Inactive Account
	Invitee View
Sprint Backlog
-add last name to account creation (Delroy)
-create Event button on dashboard (Greg, done)
-models-figure it out (nick)
	user
	event (handle response)
	polls
	invitee
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jan 29, 2016
Discussion with Max and Brianna of how the inviting portion of the event creation page will work.
Max to create the back end functions that perform the data retrieval, dummy account creation, and 
email sending configurations. Brianna to create the view for sending invites, including checks for 
duplicate emails. This will be a separate page from Greg's create event page, as a "next" page in the 
process. Nick to create seeds and more tests for migrations. Overall discussion of any other user stories 
that need to get done. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 3, 2016
Delroy and Brianna discussing the TODO list of what needs to get done before the iteration deadline. 
Couple of last miniute detailed user story functions, as well as some testing and the major documentation 
that needs to be included. Updated the group soon after of what had been fleshed out and still needs to be done.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 8, 2016
Discussed breakdown of tasks for iteration 2. Max and Jen to work on Chat/Message board functionality, Brianna to work on
editing events, Nick will work on Selenium testing, Greg will work on date poll functionality improvements, Delroy to clean
up UI and to deal with any comments from marker
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 10, 2016
Everyone reported how far they had gotten on their assigned tasks. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 12, 2016
Brief meeting: Confirmed everyone knew what to do over reading week. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 21, 2016
Met to group program. Helped each other with problems that had arose over reading week. Discussed feedback from Iteration 1.
Decided to meet with Dr. Hamati to discuss marks and comments. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 23, 2016
Met after class to discuss RESTFUL. Delroy will be working on implementing this. Discussed feedback from Dr. Hamati and 
TA and decided to focus on improving the clarity of documentation. Max and Jen will work on documentation.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb 24, 2016
Confirmed that everything is on track for submission. Nick asked that UI changes be done asap so he can do selenium tests.
